# git-story
A story written with Git

-The prompt:
At the age of 16 everyone gets teleported into a small room. In front of you is a table with all kinds of meals from apples to gourmet meats. 
Whatever you take a bite of will determine what superpower you'll get. You are the first person to take a bite of the table itself.

-The response:
That probably wasn't the greatest idea. There's a plethora of amazing, tasty choices in front of you... and you chose the hardest possible... option? Does the table even count? Wood isn't exactly edible, but you didn't think that part over yet. It's going to suck being you in a few hours, but hopefully you'll have some cool powers by then to make up for it. There's no way anyone else was dumb enough to try this before.

You aren't feeling too good after taking a whole bite of a woodworking project. Your stomach is churning and roaring because of the dense wood going through your digestive system. This isn't good. You feel like you are tingling inside, everywhere in your body. However, you don't think about the feeling much. Consuming wood probably comes with delusions perhaps. You sit down on a chair next to the poor table you had a snack from and bury your face in your hands, beginning to sweat as the realization of your ridiculous decision comes to you.

You really start to wonder what urge did you have to take a bite of the table and if your lapse of common sense was really worth it. Of all of the many options presented to you, the many delicious meals, the many useful powers, you picked an object that is barely even edible. For all you know you wasted your opportunity and will gain no powers from this action. Thinking of your options leaves you with two potential outcomes, best case you gain all of the powers, worst case you gain none of them. With how you are feeling you feel like it will be the latter but you are still hopeful that you gain something good from your decision. 

You lift your head up from your hands in self-reflection. The pain has suddenly stopped. It was as if that common piece of furniture was never chewed and swallowed. A smile comes across your face as you believe the pain has ended for you to get on with your life. You leave this room that goes outside, strangely a few blocks away from your humble abode. You reach your house and get ready for bed, but just as you are about to close your eyes and go to sleep, something isn't right. You think to yourself, "Why don't I have two bedside tables instead of one?" Unable to sleep because of this dire question, you get up out of bed and immediately walk to your garage and get spare wood, and build a well-designed bedside table. But after laying back down in bed with your new beside table, more things in the house feel wrong in your thoughts. "There's a few cracks in my deck...", "My cabinets creak too much...", "It would be if I had a birdhouse in the backyard." You run back into the garage and get to work.

You cover your eyes as the blinding light of the sun comes over the horizon. As your eyes adjust, you are amazed by just how well the red tinged sunrise makes the carvings in your handiwork stand out. Filled with pride and joy, you take in a deep breath of the fresh morning air. You slide your hand along the polished grain of the dining table you've crafted when it hits you. You've never carved before, let alone make an entire table. This must be your new power... carpentry. You laugh for a moment as you feel a surge of strength. It's not what you were expecting, but it's certainly unique. Now you jsut need a nap.
